{
"anytime" : [
"Psalm 46:1-3 God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble. Therefore we will not fear, though the earth give way and the mountains fall into the heart of the sea, though its waters roar and foam and the mountains quake with their surging.",
"Proverbs 18:10 The name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous run into it and are safe.",
"Nehemiah 8:10 Do not grieve, for the joy of the Lord is your strength.",
"Isaiah 41:10 So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.",
"Exodus 15:2 The Lord is my strength and my song; he has given me victory. This is my God, and I will praise him—  my father’s God, and I will exalt him!",
"Psalm 9:9-10 The Lord is a refuge for the oppressed, a stronghold in times of trouble.",
"Psalm 34:10b Those who seek the Lord lack no good thing.",
"Isaiah 26: 3-4 Those of steadfast mind you keep in peace—because they trust in you. Trust in the Lord forever, for in the Lord God you have an everlasting rock.",
"1 Chronicles 16:11  Seek the LORD and his strength;  seek his presence continually!",
"Psalm 32:7-8 You are my hiding place; you will protect me from trouble and surround me with songs of deliverance.",
"Exodus 33:14 My presence will go with you, and I will give you rest.",
"Deuteronomy 31:8 It is the Lord who goes before you. He will be with you; he will not fail you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed.",
"Deuteronomy 33:27 The eternal God is your refuge, and underneath are the everlasting arms.",
"Psalm 34:17 When the righteous cry for help, the Lord hears, and rescues them from all their troubles.",
"Isaiah 30:15 In repentance and rest is your salvation, in quietness and trust is your strength.",
"Isaiah 43:1-3 Do not fear, for I have redeemed you; I have called you by name, you are mine. When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and through the rivers, they shall not overwhelm you; when you walk through fire you shall not be burned, and the flame shall not consume you. For I am the Lord you God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior.",
"Luke 12:25-26 Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to your life[a]? 26 Since you cannot do this very little thing, why do you worry about the rest?",
"Philippians 4:6 Do not worry about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.",
"John 14:27 Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid.",
"Psalm 34:4 I sought the Lord, and he answered me, and delivered me from all my fears.",
"Psalm 27: 1-3 The LORD is my light and my salvation whom shall I fear? The LORD is the stronghold of my life— of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked advance against me to devour me,it is my enemies and my foes who will stumble and fall.Though an army besiege me, my heart will not fear;though war break out against me,even then I will be confident.",
"Joshua 1:9 Be strong and courageous; do not be frightened or dismayed, for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go.",
"Psalm 145: 18-19 The Lord is near to all who call on him, to all who call on him in truth. He fulfills the desires of those who fear him; he hears their cry and saves them.",
"1 Peter 5:7 Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.",
"Isaiah 12:2 Surely God is my salvation; I will trust and not be afraid. The Lord, the Lord, is my strength and my song; he has become my salvation.",
"2 Timothy 1:7 For God did not give us a spirit of timidity, but a spirit of power, of love and of self-discipline.",
"Psalm 138:3 When I called, you answered me; you made me bold and stouthearted.",
"Psalm 16:8 I have set the Lord always before me. Because he is at my right hand, I will not be shaken.",
"Psalm 62:1-2 My soul finds rest in God alone; my salvation comes from him. He alone is my rock and my salvation; he is my fortress, I will never be shaken.",
"Psalm 112: 1, 7-8 Praise the Lord! Happy are those who fear the Lord. They are not afraid of evil tidings; their hearts are firm, secure in the Lord. Their hearts are steady, they will not be afraid.",
"Psalm 91:1-2 You who live in the shelter of the Most High, who abide in the shadow of the Almighty, will say to the Lord, “My refuge and my fortress; my God in whom I trust.",
"Psalm 112: 1, 7-8 Praise the Lord! Happy are those who fear the Lord. They are not afraid of evil tidings; their hearts are firm, secure in the Lord. Their hearts are steady, they will not be afraid.",
"2 Corinthians 12:9 My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.",
"Philippians 4: 12-13 I know what it is to be in need, and I know what it is to have plenty. I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation . . . . I can do everything through him who gives me strength.",
"2 Thessalonians 3:3 But the Lord is faithful, and he will strengthen and protect you from the evil one.",
"Isaiah 40:29 He gives power to the weak and strength to the powerless.",
"1 Peter 5: 10 And the God of all grace, who called you to his eternal glory in Christ, after you have suffered a little while, will himself restore you and make you strong, firm and steadfast.",
"Hebrews 4:16 For we do not have a high priest who is unable to sympathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who in every respect has been tested as we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore approach the throne of grace with boldness, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help in time of need.",
"Deuteronomy 31:6,8 Be strong and bold; have no fear or dread of them, because it is the Lord your God who goes before you. He will be with you; he will not fail you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed.",
"2 Thessalonians 3:16 Now may the Lord of peace himself give you peace at all times and in every way.",
]
},
